docs(oidc): add docs for 'resolve_distributed_claims' (#3553)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/index.md

      default: true
      datatype: boolean
      description: Cache the user info requests.
    - name: resolve_distributed_claims
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: |

>         Distributed Claims are represented by using special _claim_names and _claim_sources members of the JSON object containing the Claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Distributed claims are represented by the `_claim_names` and `_claim_sources` members 
        of the JSON object containing the claims.
```

>         This config option allows explicitly enables resolving these distributed claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If this parameter is set to `true`, the plugin explicitly resolves these distributed claims.
```
